dnl	$FabBSD$
dnl	$OpenBSD: install,v 1.10 2008/08/06 18:20:53 miod Exp $
FabBSDInstallPrelude

If FabBSD will be sharing the disk with another operating system,
you should have already completed the section of these notes that
instructed you on how to prepare your hard disk.  You should know
the size of the FabBSD area of the disk and its offset from the
beginning of the disk.  You will need this information when setting up
your FabBSD partitions.

There are several ways to install FabBSD onto a disk.  The easiest way,
should your computer support it, is to boot off the FabBSD CD-ROM, or
off the bootable CD-ROM mini image. Otherwise, you can boot from a 3.5"
1.44MB floppy disk if your machine has a floppy drive.  If your machine
supports PXE network boots, you could try to configure a server for a
network install.

FabBSDInstallPart2

	If you are using CD-ROM or floppy media, ensure the disk is in
	the drive before starting.

	Reboot the computer to begin the install.  You might have to play
	with your BIOS options to get the computer to boot from the
	correct installation media (floppy, CD, or network/PXE) rather
	than from the hard disk.

	If you are installing across the network with PXE, you will need
	to tell pxeboot to get the bsd.rd install kernel:

	    boot> boot bsd.rd

	It can take a while to load the kernel from a floppy, slow speed
	CD-ROM drive, or across a network, most likely more than a minute.
	If some action doesn't eventually happen, or the spinning cursor
	has stopped and nothing further has happened, either your boot
	floppy is bad or you are having hardware problems. If trying
	another floppy disk doesn't help, try booting after disabling your
	CPU's internal and external caches (if any).  If it still doesn't
	work, FabBSD probably can't be run on your hardware.  This can
	probably be considered a bug, so you might want to report it.  If
	you do, please {:-include-:} as many details about your system
	configuration as you can.

FabBSDBootMsgs

	You will next be asked for your terminal type.  If you are
	installing from a non-serial console, the default of "vt220"
	is correct.  If you are installing from a serial console
	you should choose the terminal type from amongst those listed.
	(If your terminal type is xterm, just use vt220.)

FabBSDInstallPart3

	Next you will have to edit or create a disk label for the disk
	FabBSD is being installed on.  If there are any existing
	partitions defined (for any operating system), and a disk label
	is not found, you will first be given an opportunity to run
	fdisk and create an FabBSD partition.

	If fdisk is being invoked on your behalf, it will start by
	displaying the current partitions defined and then allow you
	to modify this information, add new partitions, and change
	which partition to boot from by default.  If you make a mistake,
	you will be allowed to repeat this procedure as necessary to
	correct this.  Note that you should make FabBSD be the active
	partition at least until the install has been completed.

FabBSDInstallPart4({:- If you have DOS or Linux partitions
	defined on the disk, these will usually show up as partition
	'i', 'j' and so on.-:})

	Note that all FabBSD partitions in the disk label must have an
	offset that makes it start within the FabBSD part of the disk,
	and a size that keeps it inside of that portion of the disk.  This
	is within the bounds of the 'c' partition if the disk is not being
	shared with other operating systems, and within the FabBSD fdisk
	partition if the disk is being shared.

FabBSDInstallPart5(wd0)

FabBSDInstallNet({:-CD-ROM, -:},nofloppy)

FabBSDFTPInstall

FabBSDHTTPInstall

FabBSDTAPEInstall

FabBSDCDROMInstall

FabBSDDISKInstall({:-"wdN" or -:},,{:- or MS-DOS-:})

FabBSDCommonFS

FabBSDCommonURL

FabBSDInstallWrapup

FabBSDInstallConsole

FabBSDInstallWrapupPart2

FabBSDCongratulations
